Presentation: Content customization doc enhancements (#3078)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/DefaultPropertyCategoryOverride.md

## Attributes

> | Name                                            | Required? | Type                                                                  | Default |

Reviewer: Missing `onlyIfNotHandled` attribute

Author: I intentionally skipped it, because it doesn't make sense for `DefaultPropertyCategoryOverride` - we always handle just one rule of this type, so setting `onlyIfNotHandled` doesn't change anything.

| ----------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| *Picking attributes*                            |
| [`requiredSchemas`](#attribute-requiredschemas) | No        | [`RequiredSchemaSpecification[]`](../Advanced/SchemaRequirements.md)  | `[]`    |
| [`priority`](#attribute-priority)               | No        | `number`                                                              | `1000`  |
| *Content Modifiers*                             |
| [`specification`](#attribute-specification)     | Yes       | [`PropertyCategorySpecification`](./PropertyCategorySpecification.md) |         |

### Attribute: `requiredSchemas`

> **Default value:** `[]`

> Specifications that define schema requirements for the rule to take effect. See more details in [Defining ECSchema Requirements for Presentation Rules](../Advanced/SchemaRequirements.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists schema requirements that need to be met for the rule to take effect. See more details in [Defining ECSchema Requirements for Presentation Rules](../Advanced/SchemaRequirements.md).
```

```ts
[[include:Content.Customization.DefaultPropertyCategoryOverride.RequiredSchemas.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "required schemas" attribute](./media/defaultpropertycategoryoverride-with-requiredschemas-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `priority`

> **Default value:** `1000`

> Defines the order of the rule. Higher priority rule takes precedence over lower priority rules and, since only one rule of this type takes effect when creating content, overrides them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls rule priority. Because there can only be one default category, default category override with the highest priority value will override all other rules of the same type.
```
